Implement build-time mirroring (#16401)
mdn/browser-compat-data: schemas/compat-data-schema.md

Desktop browser identifiers are mandatory, with the `version_added` property set to `null` if support is unknown.

#### Mirroring data

Most of the browsers are derivatives of other browsers, such as mobile counterparts (Firefox -> Firefox Android) or other forks (Chrome -> Edge, Opera, Samsung Internet). Usually in such cases, the support for a feature is the exact same across the derivatives, or will be when a matching version is released. To make maintenance easier, contributors may specify a simple string, `"mirror"`, as the support statement for the browser, and the version data will be mirrored from its upstream counterpart (as defined in `browsers/<browser>.json`).

An example of this would be the following:

> ```json

Reviewer: To avoid the highlighted syntax error:

```suggestion
```js
```

"support": {
  "chrome": {
    "version_added": "66"
  },
  "chrome_android": "mirror", // will become { version_added: "66" }
}
```

> This also helps with maintaining derivatives with a different release schedule than its upstream counterpart. For example, let's say that a new feature was introduced in Chrome 100, but the latest Samsung Internet release is based on Chrome 96. Rather than set Samsung Internet to `{version_added: false}` and then follow up to update the data when a new version is released, we can set it to `"mirror"` instead, which will automatically change to the version number of the new, matching release.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This also helps with maintaining derivatives with a different release schedule than their upstream counterpart. For example, let's say that a new feature was introduced in Chrome 100, but the latest Samsung Internet release is based on Chrome 96. Rather than setting Samsung Internet to `{version_added: false}` and then following up to update the data when a new version is released, we can set it to `"mirror"` instead, which will automatically change to the version number of the new, matching release.
```
